Update hubspot-event-streaming-v2.md (#347)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/hubspot-event-streaming-v2.md

Keep these things in mind when sending events to HubSpot:

- You must enable this integration in each Amplitude project you want to use it in.
- Events from Amplitude appear as Custom Behavioral Events in HubSpot. 
- A HubSpot Enterprise Marketing Hub account is required to send Custom Behavioral Events.
- Relevant limits for HubSpot events are:
    - HubSpot enforces strict API rate limits. You can find more information about these limits [here](https://developers.HubSpot.com/docs/api/usage-details).
    - HubSpot allows up to 50 custom properties for each custom event.
- Amplitude sends selected event and user properties along with the event.
- Amplitude targets an end-to-end p95 latency of 60s. This means 95% of Events streamed deliver to HubSpot within 60s or less. Amplitude has internal processes, monitors, and alerts in place to meet this target.   

## Setup

### Amplitude setup

1. In Amplitude Data, click **Catalog** and select the **Destinations** tab.
2. In the Event Streaming section, click **HubSpot**.
3. Enter a sync name, then click Create **Sync**.

> 4. Choose a HubSpot Account ID or authenticate with HubSpot. If you already have an existing Account ID, you will need to re-authenticate to grant additional permissions from Hubspot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose a HubSpot Account ID or authenticate with HubSpot. If you already have an existing Account ID,  re-authenticate to grant extra permissions from HubSpot.
```
